c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\MindBody.dll.config
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\MindBody.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\MindBody.pdb
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\obj\Debug\MindBody.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\obj\Debug\MindBody.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\obj\Debug\MindBody.pdb
C:\Users\Abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Abhishek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MindBody\MindBody\bin\EntityFramework.xml
